# TicTacToe

### How to play

Open [TicTacToe.jar](TicTacToe.jar) and select the board size you want to play with. You (red X) will be playing with a computer (blue O). The computer is very simply made so don't be surprised why you are always winning :p.

### Background story

During my time in university I have managed to do some Java projects, albeit with a group of other students. Initially I was going to push some of those projects up here as a kind of "portfolio" for whenever I'm looking for a job. I realized however, the codes were very bad: Terrible formatting, zero comments for explanation and questionable algorithms, ... etc.; not through the faults of mine, just the people who I worked with. Therefore, during semester break, I came up with the idea of creating my very own project! TicTacToe came up to my mind as with many other beginner programmers. I thought to myself however: "3x3 TicTacToe is soo boring, I could probably do better than that". And so I did. I created a version of TicTacToe that allow variable board sizes from 3x3 up to 7x7, with a very simple computer opponent to play with. Since in the upcoming semester, I'll also have to work with the Swing GUI Framework, so this is a really good opportunity to practice that as well. It's not much, but it's honest work ^^. It's not like I've never coded before in my life, but with this project it helps me to reaffirm myself that what I've learned during school can be applicable in real life as well, and I am capable of creating a finished product without help from other people in a group project, which I am really proud of. The entire project took me about 1 week, not including the days I don't get to work on it. 3 days I spent creating the game logic as well as the computer opponent and the rest to figure out how to use Swing and make the GUI doesn't look "too" bad. I hope this will be a good beginning for more projects to come! :)
